we're going to look at dedicated follow
our fashion by the kinks this place to
start is the intro which goes
just wait someone on a C chord twice a
little finger on the third fret of the
d-string me get c suspended for Jason is
closer Jason
I'll say let me say something
see
go to see /p I'm moving to the second
front of the history is her best again
from
cuz he's a D minor second verse and when
he Jason again and when he does
so again that was a second verse with
the same chords as the first verse now
we're going to call it the chorus trip
on a bitch
since mrs.
after the next verse verse
the course
now one award the chorus then oh yes
this is a bit I changes because he's c
/p to ear 17
so it's called a minor
so I really have to play dedicate a
follow-up fashion because always thanks
for watching and I hope that talent